alright love everybody kicks load in
here and today I just want to make it
quick for sale video um I'm looking to
buy some LeBron 11 Nike IDs and I do
have some money for them but I'm trying
to get a little extra money so if
anybody's interested in any of these
three pairs I give them for a steal in
my opinion is steal but if you want any
of these three make sure you inbox me do
not leave a comment with your email or
anything like that
I don't want spam are scammers to like
you know message you and pretending it's
me
so inbox me all your information and we
can negotiate a price if you're not a
firm about the price I give you but
let's get started first shoe is the Kobe
eight you're the snake the red wine
Holloway very nice shoe I love the
balling in these feel great they are a
size 8 so if you are size 8 and you're
interested in some Kobe ace easily my
favorite basketball shoes or shoe right
now I'll let them go for $95 I think
that's a pretty good price considering
their retail is 135 or 140 I'm not sure
but yeah so next LeBron on fire bear I
literally wore these like once or twice
yeah this little mark once or twice
really I barely even wore these I mean
all these shoes I'm gonna clean up
before I send them out if anyone's
interested in buying them but like these
are all basically perfect condition I'd
consider these uh the NDS because these
are really delivered to honestly but
yeah worn twice I've had them for a
little while
there size eight bra nine fire berries
I'll let them go for one 105 retail is
150 so that's a pretty good price and
then here is my last which is my
all-white phones
I love these but uh I don't know I don't
really like phones that much I don't
think they're that comfy but yeah they
are yellowed on the bottom so it's
probably the only thing wrong with them
learn that they're pretty good
got these for 235 so I'll let them go
for 130 that's a hundred and five
dollars off even though they're used say
they're about like and like an eight out
of ten I think they're pretty nice they
are a size eight all three of these are
size eight so if you are interested make
sure you inbox me do not leave a NIEM do
not leave like an email or something
your PayPal account don't leave that in
the comment section I don't want anyone
you know scamming you or something
pretending it's me so if you are
interested all these are for great
prices ninety-five right here
105 130 those are great prices I don't
know what else you could ask for but if
you aren't sure about the price I mean
we can always negotiate so uh you know
just because I say a price and you don't
have that money doesn't mean that we
can't negotiate so if you are interested
please inbox me all right and yeah
that's really it I plan on having some
future sneaker videos maybe around
Christmas time so if anybody is
interested in watching those you might
want to subscribe now and I will see you
guys later and make sure you inbox me
peace guys